EDM-2302: User quadlet docs (#1870)
flightctl/flightctl: docs/user/quadlet-install.md

# Flight Control quadlet-based installation

Containerized Flight Control services can be installed on a Fedora or RHEL host by running [Podman quadlet systemd units](https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-systemd.unit.5.html).

## Installing the RPM

> Services rpm files are currently hosted on [Fedora Copr](https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/g/redhat-et/flightctl).  To install the latest release of flightctl-services enable the repo and install the rpm package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services rpm files are currently hosted on [the internet somewhere](https://rpm.flightctl.io/).  To install the latest release of flightctl-services enable the repo and install the rpm package.
```
